what set of properties completely define the application state?
what properties must be persisted in the hash?
--- 

which tag is hovered (1 option)
which items are hovered (set) - remember hovering a detail histogram can "hover" multiple cells
which columns are selected (set)
which rows are selected (set)
which cells are selected (set)
which clade was most recently clicked (1 option)
which group was most recently clicked (1 option)
which item or pair is open (1 option)

which annotation-highlighting option is current (1 option)
which sequence-property-highlighting option is current (1 option)
which columns are hidden (set)
whether tagging menu is open on selected columns, selected rows, selected cells, or not at all (1 option)
    (consider this derived property: for each tag, whether it is not, partially. or completely selected)
scroll position of column-scoped tag list
scroll position of row-scoped tag list
scroll position of cell-scoped tag list

which grouping is currently active (1 option) - note that grouping is stored on server
which row is the reference sequence (1 option)
which columns are sort columns (ordered list)

position of tree grouping threshold
scroll position of alignment

which tab is open

just-columns tab:
    which statistic is selected in just-columns view
    whether to sort column-by-score view (make this apply across tabs)
    whether to sort detail histogram by residue frequency

    which score-histogram bar is hovered
    which score-histogram bar is selected
    scroll position of column-by-score display
    (note there's a 1:1 relationship between bars hovered in column-by-score display and columns hovered in alignment panel, so don't keep separate state?)
    which bar in detail histogram is hovered (there's a many-to-one relationship between bars hovered and cells hovered, so this is a separate item of state)


column-pairs tab:
    whether to weight relatedness scores by presence of relationship on multiple branches
    whether to limit to visible columns
    which bar in score histogram is hovered
    which bar in score histogram is selected
    which bar in zoomed-in score histogram is hovered
    which bar in zoomed-in score histogram is selected
    which bar in pairs-by-score histogram is hovered
    which bar in pairs-by-score histogram is selected
    which area in 2d histogram is hovered
    
columns-related-to tab:
    which context we're relating (column, tag, clade, group)
    which row-scoped tag we're relating, if "tag" context is selected and a tag has been chosen
    (which column? This is not a separate item of state -- it's the open one, if any; if pair is open, choosing one results in a single column being open. Which clade? The most recently clicked. Which group? The most recently clicked.)
    
    which bar in side-by-side histogram is hovered
    which area in 2d histogram is hovered

    

